Are we all dead?

The big explosion went off and instantly, black. I am suddenly strapped and can't move. Instantly!

I feel wires all over my body, electric pulses. I don't recognize the material feel of the straps that are holding me in place, they seem to react to my movements. I feel mechanical. Robotic even.

There is a war against The Holy Order. A nuclear bomb is dropped, yet I don't remember the impact.

My heart and mind are racing, nothing makes sense.

I hear steps, like someone walking on metal, approaching. Someone walks into the room. I can't see what that someone looks like. I scream "Hello!" No response.

The person then seems to call to someone outside the room. It's faint, but I hear "Conrad, your plaything has awoken. Have fun."

What? Plaything? What's that supposed to mean?

I hear footsteps. Deep, bass-y and electric footsteps approaching intimidatingly. Each step sends a sound pulse through the floor, filling the room with echoes. "Well done, Doctor Amyloid. I'll make sure Korbit compensates you well for this," Conrad says in a deep, raspy and robo-human voice.

Korbit? Who is Korbit?

I hear the footsteps come closer towards me. There is an ominous aura in the room. I hear a button press and I feel dangerous internal pain, and the screams I make reflect that pain. "Too loud," Conrad says, and another button is pressed. This time it feels like my vocal cords are being ripped out of my larynx. My scream starts fading away, almost like someone is turning the volume knob all the way down.

I feel a cold metal hand touch my throat. "Hmm, how nice. I wonder what it feels like," Conrad says in an excited yet still deep and raspy voice. A button is pressed again and the same dangerous internal pain is felt. I try to scream, but nothing audible is coming out of my mouth, yet my expression still expresses the scream. "Yes... the expression," Conrad whispers.

A button is pressed again and now my tense face muscles feel numb. I can't feel any part of my face. Again a button is pressed and the same dangerous internal pain is felt, but this time I'm expressionless. I desperately try to scream to at least cope with some of the pain, but nothing is happening. I am stuck here like a carrot with no voice and no expression.

"Haha," Conrad laughs. He's amused.

This keeps going. For a long time. Different buttons are pressed all the time. Who knows what each one does.

When does it end? I keep waking up to torture. It's unbearable. Please, God! Help me.

Conrad laughs and shouts "GOD?!? HAHA! A GOD CAN'T HELP YOU NOW!"