This is counts as both 1 and 2, since they're both pretty similar.
I think Hotline Miami was my first real introduction to indie games. I remeber back in the day absolutely loving this game, both the visuals, music and gameplay appealed to me a lot. I did not really understand the story at the time, since I was a little kid and my English wasn't at all strong yet and later I did a try a couple of times to understand the story, but since the story is setup in a non-linear way, it was pretty hard to understand. That was until a YouTube video by "Squatch Gaming Offical" called "Hotline Miami - Full Chronology" changed that. The story then made more sense and it was such a cool story, cementing it as one of my favorite stories in fiction. Hotline Miami is some of my favorite media in general and that is not only because of the story, but also the soundtrack.
It's hard to put into words how good the soundtrack for both games are. Both me and one of my best buddies agree, that the second games OST is slightly better than the first (since it is more varied) but that the first game has the most iconic OST. There is a very good mix of genres here, but it's definetly the synth-heavy tracks that stands out the most. This soundtrack introduced me to synthwave/darksynth which then made me dig a little deeper into weird electronic music. Not only is the synth heavy music good, but the lowkey/lo-fi and ambient tracks are so good aswell. I find myself listening to the OST in some shape or form atleast once a week. Songs like "Sun Araw - Deep Cover" just oozes a weird yet soothing atmosphere. Even tho that song is over 8 minutes long, it never gets boring.
The gameplay while not remarkable, especially at the time, just works. It is overall a fun time. I don't really have a lot of complaints, since the gameplay combined with the banging OST, makes for a very high adrenaline filled game. I like the different weapons you can use, which mixes up the gameplay a bit and shotgun is my favorite, but nothing beats the good old one hit kill, it just never gets old. Hotline Miami is very difficult and luckily it is not obnoxiously difficult. When you die, the way back to action is instant, which makes the difficulty work.
Everyone should experience Hotline Miami 1+2 atleast once!